To create a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable a developer/programmer needs to leave plenty of documentation such as comments within the code and approriate related files such as the ReadMe file included with this project. This allows a glimpse into what you were trying to accomplish by building this specific program and allows others to access and improve or troubleshoot upon it at a later date. The way this relates to joining the two projects of this course together was by developing in stages, leaving myself plenty of comments, keeping the code neat and easily readable allowed me to reuse and have purpose for my CRUD file long after I created it. It simplified the coding aspects of this course as they were divided up into neat bite-sized pieces and allowed me to focus on the bigger picture instead of finer details.

Computer Scientists are just that, scientists. They observe and attempt to answer complex problems and questions around them using their chosen tool of modern computation. It allows for us to help mathematically and creatively solve real world issues as well has has expanded and exploded to realms beyond answering big questions. As a Computer Scientist, I break down my problems to their base units, as to better understand what exactly it is I need to consider. As mathematically involved as computer science as a field is, it is also part creativity. This creative thinking allows multiple people to look at the same problem and come up with vastly different solutions using the same tools and base information available. It allows the scientist to infuse the problem with a bit of their own unique train of thought to answer questions. This project was very unique and interesting to me as I have never previously worked with any sort of database, only basic excel spreadsheets and things of that nature. It opened up a new avenue for me with what skills I currently hold within programming languages and is continuing to enlighten me on just how expansive the power of computer programming actually is. 
