Within this project I was to create a reinforcement learning algorithm, specifically a q-algorithm, in order to complete the AI controlled poriton of a treasure hunt game. I was given the base code for setting up the environment, players, states, and rewards of the game, I was solely to design the Q-algorithm in order to train the pirate within the system to complete the task of navigating the maze while achieving the hightest possible reward which was finding the treasure chest. 

Computer Scientists are just that, scientists. They observe and attempt to answer complex problems and questions around them using their chosen tool of modern computation. It allows for us to help mathematically and creatively solve real world issues as well has has expanded and exploded to realms beyond answering big questions. As a Computer Scientist, I break down my problems to their base units, as to better understand what exactly it is I need to consider. As mathematically involved as computer science as a field is, it is also part creativity. This creative thinking allows multiple people to look at the same problem and come up with vastly different solutions using the same tools and base information available. It allows the scientist to infuse the problem with a bit of their own unique train of thought to answer questions. Ethically, we have a resposiblity to the end user to provide safe, secure, user-friendly, software and programming, which entails things such as appropriate data gathering/storing/deleting methods and transparency as to how data collected is being used unto the consumer. This builds trust with customers and builds reputation for you as a developer.
