Jeffrey Sparks
CS 210 T3247
Instructor: Cory Thoma
SNHU
Feb, 26, 2023

For this project, I was to build a program, that took input from a user generated list, imported information from this list, in this case a list of words, recognize and compile the list in the order of how many times each word appears on the list. In this particular project, the client was a Grocery store, this list was comprised of various types of produce, and the program was to help compile how often each type of produce sold to help the store learn how to most efficiently to set up their produce section by providing the data results in the form of either literal numbers or a histogram represented by astericks.
  I think over all I think I done relatively well in this course, the concepts were familiar to me from IT 140 and IT 145. learning Python and Java respectively. As they are also object-oriented programming languages, alot of the concepts were very familiar, syntax was the main difference. 
    Even though language comprehension in spoken human language isn't anywhere near the same as programming language, the way my brain processes it is similar. That being said I have a natural affinity to pick up on language quickly. I'm still very much a beginner of C++, Java, and Python over all, but I have confidence in the foundations I have built so far into this program, Though I done well in my project that I submitted, I need to work on putting more of the functions outside of the main block of coding,to work towards the industry standard of keeping the main block as simple and clear as possible.
    Something this project helped cement in my brain that I struggled with prior was how to properly utilize importing and exporting files within a program. It was a very challenging concept to me, but after this course I finally understand the importance and the simplicity of working with files. THe main way I kept this program maintainable and readable was with the use of Case/switch functions in place of if/else statements, as well as the addition of a Do/while statement in main to keep the program running while the variable option does not equal 4 which will ultimately end and exit the program.
